acht acht
acrach acrach
adaptair adaptair
adaptar adaptar
adhair adhair
adhairt adhairt
adhartach adhartach
adhnadh adhnadh
aice aice
aineamh aineamh
aineoil aineoil
airc airc
airce airce
aiseag aiseag
aisig aisig
aisil aisil
aiteann aiteann
aitim aitim
aitinn aitinn
am am
amais amais
amas amas
anairt anairt
analach analach
aomadh aomadh
aomainn aomainn
aonta aonta
ar ar
as as
astair astair
astar astar
atainn atainn
bacainn bacainn
b'adhnadh b'adhnadh
b'airc b'airc
b'aiteann b'aiteann
baithis baithis
b'amas b'amas
baois baois
baoise baoise
b'aomadh b'aomadh
b'aonta b'aonta
bas bas
b'astar b'astar
batharnach batharnach
beachd beacht
b'eallach b'eallach
beartach beartach
beartais beartais
beartas beartas
bha bha
bhacainn bhacainn
bhaistinn bhaistinn
bhaithis bhaithis
bhaois bhaois
bhaoise bhaoise
bhas bhas
bhatharnach bhatharnach
bhatharnacha bhatharnacha
bheachd bheacht
bheartach bheartach
bheartais bheartais
bheartas bheartas
bheinn bheinn
bheirinn bheirinn
bhile bhile
bhith bhith
bhodach bhodach
bhogadh bhogadh
bhogainn bhogainn
bhogainn bhogainn
bhoireann bhoireann
bhoireannach bhoireannach
bhrach bhrach
bhracha bhracha
bhrachainn bhrachainn
bhrachta bhrachta
bhreab bhreab
bhreaba bhreaba
bhreabadh bhreabadh
bhreabainn bhreabainn
bhreabainn bhreabainn
bhreacainn bhreacainn
Bhreatnach Bhreatnach
Bhreatnacha Bhreatnacha
Bhreatnais Bhreatnais
Bhreatnaise Bhreatnaise
bhriogainn bhriogainn
bhrisinn bhrisinn
bhronnainn bhronnainn
bhruthach bhruthach
bhuachaill bhuachaill
bhuailinn bhuailinn
bhuailteach bhuailteach
bhuaininn bhuaininn
bhuaireadh bhuaireadh
bhuairinn bhuairinn
bile bile
Bile Bile
b'iolarach b'iolarach
bodach bodach
bogadh bogadh
bogtar bogtar
boireann boireann
boireannach boireannach
brach brach
bracha bracha
brachta brachta
breab breab
breabadh breabadh
breabtar breabtar
Breatnach Breatnach
Breatnacha Breatnacha
Breatnais Breatnais
Breatnaise Breatnaise
bruthach bruthach
buachaill buachaill
buailteach buailteach
buaireadh buaireadh
b'urra b'urra
cách cách
call call
can can
cana cana
cas cas
ceal ceal
ceas ceas
ceasa ceasa
ceathach ceathach
cha cha
chacainn chacainn
chaillinn chaillinn
chaithinn chaithinn
chalcainn chalcainn
chall chall
chan abair
chan chan
chan dúirt
chan ndúirt
chana chana
chanainn chanainn
chaoininn chaoininn
chas chas
cheal cheal
chealgainn chealgainn
cheapainn cheapainn
cheas cheas
cheasa cheasa
cheathach cheathach
cheilinn cheilinn
chinn chinn
chinne chinne
chinneadh chinneadh
chinnidh chinnidh
chinninn chinninn
chinninn chinninn
chinnte chinnte
chinnteach chinnteach
chion chion
chionta chionta
chlag chlag
chlaga chlaga
chlagadh chlagadh
chlagainn chlagainn
chlagann chlagann
chlaig chlaig
chlaonainn chlaonainn
chliathach chliathach
chlis chlis
chlise chlise
chliseach chliseach
chliseadh chliseadh
chlisinn chlisinn
chlisinn chlisinn
chliste chliste
chluich chluich
chluichinn chluichinn
chnagainn chnagainn
chnuas chnuas
choibhneas choibhneas
choill choill
cholann cholann
chom chom
chomhairleach chomhairleach
chomhairleacha chomhairleacha
chor chor
chosg chosc
chothachadh chothú
chothroim chothroim
chothrom chothrom
chraobh chraobh
chraoibhe chraoibhe
chraolainn chraolainn
chreachainn chreachainn
chreidinn chreidinn
chreiminn chreiminn
chrithinn chrithinn
chrochainn chrochainn
chromainn chromainn
chruachainn chruachainn
chruthach chruthach
chuachainn chuachainn
chuan chuan
chuibheas chuibheas
chuimse chuimse
chuimseachadh chuimsiú
chuimseachadh cuimsiú
chuimseachadh gcuimsiú
chuirinn chuirinn
chumainn chumainn
chumha chumha
chumhach chumhach
cinn cinn
cinneadh cinneadh
cinnidh cinnidh
cinnte cinnte
cinnteach cinnteach
cinntear cinntear
cion cion
cionta cionta
clag clag
clagadh clagadh
clagann clagann
clagtar clagtar
claig claig
cliathach cliathach
clis clis
cliseach cliseach
cliseadh cliseadh
cliste cliste
clistear clistear
cluich cluich
cnuas cnuas
coibhneas coibhneas
coill coill
colann colann
comhairleach comhairleach
cor cor
cosg cosc
cothachadh cothú
cothroim cothroim
cothrom cothrom
craobh craobh
craoibhe craoibhe
cruthach cruthach
cuan cuan
cuibheas cuibheas
cuimse cuimse
cuimseachadh chuimsiú
cuimseachadh cuimsiú
cuimseachadh gcuimsiú
cuiridh cuiridh
cumainn cumainn
cumha cumha
cumhach cumhach
curaich curaí
d'adhnadh d'adhnadh
dàibhidh dtumfaidh
dàibhidh dtumtha
dàibhidh tumfaidh
dàibhidh tumtha
dalta dalta
dé dé
dealbh dealbh
dealbhach dealbhach
deann deann
deanna deanna
deasga deasca
déigh déigh
deò deo
dhallainn dhallainn
dhalta dhalta
dhealbh dhealbh
dhealbhach dhealbhach
dheann dheann
dheanna dheanna
dhearcainn dhearcainn
dhíonainn dhíonainn
dhochair dhochair
dhol dhol
dhreachainn dhreachainn
dhreisean thamall
dhruidinn dhruidinn
dhuilleach dhuilleach
dhuilleacha dhuilleacha
dochair dochair
dol dol
dreisean dtamall
dreisean tamall
duilleach duilleach
eadhon eadhon
eallach eallach
earbainn earbainn
Eilean Eilean
faic faic
failm failm
failme failme
faoileann faoileann
faoin faoin
faradh faradh
faram faram
fearachais fearachais
fearachas fearachas
fearais fearais
fearas fearas
fhaic fhaic
fhaighinn fhaighinn
fhailm fhailm
fhailme fhailme
fhanainn fhanainn
fhaoileann fhaoileann
fharadh fharadh
fheadainn fheadainn
fheannainn fheannainn
fhearachais fhearachais
fhearachas fhearachas
fhearais fhearais
fhearas fhearas
fheithinn fheithinn
fhiachainn fhiachainn
fhiamh fhiamh
fhiarainn fhiarainn
fhillinn fhillinn
fhiosrach fhiosrach
fhliuchainn fhliuchainn
fhrasan fhras
fhuininn fhuininn
fiamh fiamh
fiosrach fiosrach
frasan fras
ga ga
gabhail gabhail
gabhainn gabhainn
gabhal gabhal
gail gail
gal gal
gan gan
gaoil gaoil
gaol gaol
gar gar
gasta gasta
gealtach gealtach
gealtair gealtóir
gean gean
geana geana
geilte geilte
ghabhail ghabhail
ghabhainn ghabhainn
ghabhal ghabhal
ghail ghail
ghal ghal
ghaoil ghaoil
ghaol ghaol
ghar ghar
ghasta ghasta
gheallainn gheallainn
ghealtach ghealtach
ghealtair ghealtóir
ghean ghean
gheana gheana
ghearrainn ghearrainn
gheilte gheilte
ghininn ghininn
ghiollachd ghiollacht
ghlacainn ghlacainn
ghlanainn ghlanainn
ghleansaidhean shnasanna
ghleansan shnasanna
ghluaisinn ghluaisinn
ghogail ghogail
ghoidinn ghoidinn
ghoil ghoil
ghoileadh ghoileadh
ghoilfear ghoilfear
ghoilinn ghoilinn
ghoilinn ghoilinn
ghoilte ghoilte
ghreadainn ghreadainn
ghreann ghreann
ghreas ghreas
ghreisean thamall
ghrinneas ghrinneas
ghrod ghrod
ghroda ghroda
ghrodadh ghrodadh
ghrodainn ghrodainn
ghrodainn ghrodainn
ghrodta ghrodta
ghroid ghroid
ghroide ghroide
ghuilbneach ghuilbneach
giollachd giollacht
gleansaidhean snasanna
gleansan snasanna
gogail gogail
goil goil
goileadh goileadh
goilfear goilfear
goilte goilte
goiltear goiltear
greann greann
greas greas
greisean dtamall
greisean tamall
grinneas grinneas
grod grod
groda groda
grodadh grodadh
grodta grodta
grodtar grodtar
groid groid
groide groide
guilbneach guilbneach
guitear guitear
gus gus
gu-ta guta
i i
iarrainn iarrainn
idir idir
iolarach iolarach
ithinn ithinn
lasainn lasainn
leagainn leagainn
leanainn leanainn
leith leith
leithid leithid
leòn leon
liathainn liathainn
lobhainn lobhainn
loinne loinne
lomainn lomainn
luath luath
m'adhnadh m'adhnadh
m'airc m'airc
m'airce m'airce
mairinn mairinn
m'aiteann m'aiteann
maithinn maithinn
m'aitinn m'aitinn
m'amais m'amais
m'amas m'amas
mang mang
m'aomadh m'aomadh
m'aonta m'aonta
marbhaibh marbhán
m'astair m'astair
m'astar m'astar
m'eallach m'eallach
meallainn meallainn
meann meann
mear mear
meara meara
measainn measainn
meathainn meathainn
meilinn meilinn
meirbh meirbh
meirbhe meirbhe
mhairinn mhairinn
mhaithinn mhaithinn
mhang mhang
mheallainn mheallainn
mheann mheann
mhear mhear
mheara mheara
mheasainn mheasainn
mheathainn mheathainn
mheilinn mheilinn
mheirbh mheirbh
mheirbhe mheirbhe
mhillinn mhillinn
mhire mhire
mhogal mhogal
mholach mholach
mholainn mholainn
mholl mholl
mhosach mhosach
mhothair mhothair
mhothar mhothar
millinn millinn
mire mire
mogal mogal
m'oirthir m'oirthir
molach molach
molainn molainn
moll moll
mosach mosach
mothair mothair
mothar mothar
m'urra m'urra
n-adaptair n-adaptair
n-adaptar n-adaptar
n-airc n-airc
n-airce n-airce
n-aisig n-aisig
n-aiteann n-aiteann
n-aitinn n-aitinn
n-amais n-amais
n-amas n-amas
n-aomadh n-aomadh
n-aonta n-aonta
n-astair n-astair
n-astar n-astar
n-eallach n-eallach
n-oirthir n-oirthir
n-urra n-urra
obainn obainn
oir oir
oirthir oirthir
Oirthir Oirthir
pait pait
paite paite
peasair peasair
peile peile
phait phait
phaite phaite
pheasair pheasair
pheile pheile
phianainn phianainn
phicilinn phicilinn
phicinn phicinn
phiocainn phiocainn
phiseag phiseog
phriocainn phriocainn
piseag piseog
racaid racaid
racaide racaide
rapach rapach
reicinn reicinn
rian rian
rinne reanna
rinne rinne
rithe rithe
rocainn rocainn
roinninn roinninn
ruaiginn ruaiginn
saillinn saillinn
saltair saltair
samh samh
samhlachais samhlachais
samhlachas samhlachas
saobhainn saobhainn
saoil saoil
saorainn saorainn
seac seac
seach seach
sealg sealg
seargainn seargainn
seasainn seasainn
seat seat
seinn seinn
seinne seinne
seinneadh seinneadh
seinninn seinninn
seinninn seinninn
seinnte seinnte
seinntear seinntear
seise seise
seisean seisean
seolainn seolainn
seòlta seolta
shaillinn shaillinn
shaltair shaltair
shamhlachais shamhlachais
shamhlachas shamhlachas
shaobhainn shaobhainn
shaoil shaoil
shaorainn shaorainn
sheac sheac
shealg shealg
sheargainn sheargainn
sheasainn sheasainn
sheat sheat
sheinn sheinn
sheinne sheinne
sheinneadh sheinneadh
sheinninn sheinninn
sheinninn sheinninn
sheinnte sheinnte
sheise sheise
sheolainn sheolainn
shian shian
shianach shianach
shianta shianta
shilinn shilinn
shiolp shiolp
shiolpadh shiolpadh
shiolpainn shiolpainn
shiolpainn shiolpainn
shirinn shirinn
shlac shlac
shlaca shlaca
shlacadh shlacadh
shlacainn shlacainn
shlacainn shlacainn
shladainn shladainn
shlaodach shlaodach
shlaodainn shlaodainn
shligeach shligeach
shloinninn shloinninn
shracainn shracainn
shrannainn shrannainn
shraon shraon
shraona shraona
shraonadh shraonadh
shraonainn shraonainn
shraonainn shraonainn
shraonta shraonta
shrianainn shrianainn
shuaitheanta shuaitheanta
shuilt shuilt
shult shult
shultmhor shultmhar
sian sian
sianach sianach
sianta sianta
siar siar
silinn silinn
sinn sin
siolp siolp
siolpadh siolpadh
siolpainn siolpainn
siolpainn siolpainn
siolptar siolptar
sirinn sirinn
slac slac
slaca slaca
slacadh slacadh
slacainn slacainn
slacainn slacainn
slactar slactar
sladainn sladainn
slaodach slaodach
slaodainn slaodainn
sligeach sligeach
sloinninn sloinninn
smaoinich smaointigh
smeachainn smeachainn
son son
spealainn spealainn
sracainn sracainn
srannainn srannainn
sraon sraon
sraonadh sraonadh
sraonainn sraonainn
sraonainn sraonainn
sraonta sraonta
sraontar sraontar
srianainn srianainn
stadainn stadainn
stail stail
stailceach stailceach
staile staile
stalcainn stalcainn
stalla stalla
staoin staoine
steallainn steallainn
steig steig
stiallach stiallach
stiallacha stiallacha
stiallainn stiallainn
stobhainn stobhainn
suaitheanta suaitheanta
suilt suilt
sult sult
sultmhor sultmhar
t-adaptar t-adaptar
t-adhnadh t-adhnadh
tagair tagair
tagairt tagairt
tagrach tagrach
taic léis
t-aiteann t-aiteann
t-amas t-amas
t-aomadh t-aomadh
tapa tapa
t-astar t-astar
t-eallach t-eallach
teannadh teannadh
teannaidh teannaidh
teannaire teannaire
teannais teannais
teannas teannas
teannta teannta
teanntar teanntar
teip teip
thagainn thagainn
thagair thagair
thagairt thagairt
thagrach thagrach
thairginn thairginn
thaomainn thaomainn
theannadh theannadh
theannaidh theannaidh
theannainn theannainn
theannainn theannainn
theannaire theannaire
theannais theannais
theannas theannas
theannta theannta
theip theip
thig dtar
thig thar
thig thig
thilleadh thilleadh
thoill thoill
thoilleadh thoilleadh
thoilleas thoilleas
thoillinn thoillinn
thoillinn thoillinn
thoillte thoillte
thoinn thoinn
thoirt thoirt
thoiseach thoiseach
thollainn thollainn
thomhaisinn thomhaisinn
threabhainn threabhainn
thréiginn thréiginn
threisean thamall
thriallainn thriallainn
thric thric
thrice thrice
throidinn throidinn
thruais thruais
thruas thruas
thugainn thugainn
thuiginn thuiginn
thuirseach thuirseach
thumainn thumainn
tighe dtí
tilleadh tilleadh
toill toill
toilleadh toilleadh
toillte toillte
toilltear toilltear
toinn toinn
toirt toirt
toiseach toiseach
traing gnóthaigh
treabhainn treabhainn
treisean dtamall
treisean tamall
tric tric
trice trice
truais truais
truas truas
tuirseach tuirseach
ungainn ungainn
urnaigh urnaigh
urra urra
